***Notes on these documentation files***

The XML files in this directory are components of a DocBook project. They can be read and
edited using either a plain text editor or a dedicated XML editor. Dedicated editors
provide validation against standard XML syntax as well as specialized schemas that may be
required.

This project is organized in a file tree consistent with the Eclipse IDE and its built-in
Ant utilities. Primarily, this means that a "source" directory contains the DocBook XML
files, and a "target" directory contains products of programmatic transforms on the XML.
These may include file types such as PDF, EPUB, HTML, and many others. Eclipse is the
best-of-class FLOSS solution for processing DocBook.

Transforms are typically carried out using XSLT files (which provide mapping between XML
elements and elements native to other file types) and an executable. Common executables or
executable frameworks include Pandoc, Saxon, and Ant. When manipulating these DocBook
files, you are not constrained in selecting a transform method. Eclipse+Ant is merely
offered as a default choice, and primarily for PDF.

These DocBook XML files fall into three groups:

BOOK.XML files -- These contain primarily references to other DocBook XML files. They are
used to compose a set of constituent source files into a larger document, for example, a
user guide composed of chapters. DocBook calls these referenced documents "includes" in this
context.

*.ENT files -- These are files containing "entities", which are snippets or blocks of text
that may be called and included any number of times by other documents. Entities behave
like mutable variables, allowing you to update multiple locations in a document by editing
a single location.

*.XML -- Everything else. These are the primary content files.

All of these components are assembled during a transform (i.e., a build). The default Ant
builds for Eclipse create target files for *each* of the *.XML files present in the project.
This means that an Ant build creates a PDF for each constituent content file and also for
the BOOK.XML file, which contains all of the content files as a single PDF.


